##Reflective Entry: What is A Book?
####Boutayna Chokrane 

The most important concept that I took from this week was that there are so many things about the book that are so naturalized that we don’t  realize were novelties in the past. Page numbers do not serve much purpose to manuscripts. In fact, they could actually interfere or delay the revision process because the author would constantly be modifying them with the edits. Now, we rely on page numbers more than ever. But page numbers also seem so ordinary and mundane that we fail to acknowledge their value. 

In class, we discussed the history and evolution of books – and with that, we discussed how some readers are hesitant about the evolution of the book. I think that’s really interesting because we used to think codices were disrupting the virtuousness of our books, but now we’re trying to preserve and hold onto codices as much as possible with the emergence of digital media. We’re seeing this cycle happen again with the birth of e-books. I understand this worry from a nostalgic perspective, but this also makes me think of something Professor Cordell once said in class –  that we associate virtue with difficulty. I think this idea is applicable to this case and partially the reason why some still use devices like typewriters when we have computers and reads scroll when we have codices. I can’t help but wonder what the future will look like. Will e-books be virtuous? Will people who still read e-books be perceived as higher intellectuals? It’s hard to imagine what can come next that is more modern and innovative. 

My favorite part of this week had to be our trip to the NU Archives. I enjoyed getting to visually see the evolution of the book. At the archives, I couldn’t help but go back to my reading prep for the first week of class when I asked, “aren’t we just redefining originality?” Though from a different week, I don’t think I had a response to this question until the archives. My answer is: I think so. To have all these books laid out in front of you, it was clear to everyone I think that they were individual artifacts. They all had a story and a history of their own. But what was really illuminating was the fact that it was also clear that they were connected. Each book built off the prior and made it something new. It seemed as though books served as each other’s trial and error experiments. For example, there was this one book we saw could barely be opened because the paper used was extremely fragile. Manufacturers eventually learned from those tearable mistakes and tried something new that worked better. 

An interesting book we saw at the archives was the last digital book that required a technological device to go on a certain website. I wonder how we would repurpose this book or even preserve the book in the future when computers may cease to exist. In one of our class discussions, we were talking about how digital media has allowed for a greater permanence to our books, but what happens if digital media is not what it is today? Sure we have the cloud, but what about books that require websites. Will we even still have access to those? 
