## Reflective Entry: E-Lit I
### Boutayna Chokrane 

In "The Reading Brain in the Digital Age" article, the father of the young girl from the viral video wrote, "Technology codes our minds." I thought about this question a lot during this week's classes. 

In my reading prep I wondered who can be considered a digital native. I think everyone is, to some extent. Print magazines are produced with the help of digital technology; having some sort of understanding of the process of print, I would argue, makes you a digital native. The question that I should have been asking is whether digital natives actually understand technology. During one of our class discussions, Professor Cordell brought up the point that although his children use technology, they didn't initally know how the Internet worked until their Wi-Fi crashed. Embrassingly enough I'm 21 years old and I couldn't even fully explain to you how we have Internet. 

Who we may percieve as digital natives might also have a level of digital ignorance – I wonder whether there is a correlation between the two. But also, does it even matter if we know how we have Wi-Fi? My immediate answer is absolutely, we should not be ignorant about the artifacts we use especially in today's digital climate. However I can see the argument for digital ignorance as well. Why does it matter whether we know where our products come from? Technology is like page numbers. We use both on a daily basis that we almost forget it's there. 

Last week I went to a Northeastern panel where New York Times editors and reporters were invited to speak about their experiences working for the news. A significant portion of that talk was dedicated to how the New York Times is adapting with digital technology. Boston Bureau Chief Ellen Barry said that their readers went from reading print to reading on their computer and now, it's all about phones. Consequently the New York Times revises the format of their articles to best fit the electronic device. What I thought was fascinating though was that it also shapes what stories they choose to write and how to write it. This brings me back to the digital natives article when the Jabr posed the question: How exactly does the technology we use to read change the way we read? It doesn't just change the way we read, but what we read. This is fascinating because it supports the notion that technology really does code our mind. It controls what information we're exposed to. 

The reporters brought up other compelling points that I think relates to this question. Editor Marc Lahey said that graphics and visual aids have become prominent in their articles. This is true and I think that is because a lot of their readers are screen-based. Graphics also take less time to "read" than articles. I would also say that they tend to appeal more to people because of the visual aesthetics. I wonder if screen-based reading has made graphics a preference for readers because it is not as exhaustive. Additionally, would that also shape our cognitive ability when it comes to reading? Does screen-based reading generate more visual learners?
