## Reflective Entry: Fabrication I 3-D PRINTING 
#### Boutayna Chokrane

After this week, I think I'm reluctant to call all works that derive from 3-D printing books. Some can absolutely be books; for example, if you were to 3-D print a book or a piece of text, I would accept those materials as books. But we saw examples that I wouldn't consider books. When we went to the 3-D printing lab, one of the students showed us sample projects: mugs, skateboards, mini-statues...all things I would not define as books. 

Professor Cordell said that we were at the point in the year where we'd be pushing our definitions of books to the very limit. This is about as abstract as it can get. Throughout this course, I feel like the more we pushed our definitions the more I pushed back. I came into this class willing to accept any definition of a book you threw at me. However the more we analyzed these definitions, the more I limited mine. 

I would consider 3-D printing as a medium form. A process for creating a work. One of those works could be a book. 3-D printing is the process, the book is a potential by-product. 

What still confuses me about 3-D printing is its efficency. I see the deteriments and cons of mass-printing, but you can't deny its market productivity. My experience with 3-D printing has led me to think that it's unique, but not practical. **How can 3-D printing benefit our economy and our environment?**

One of our readingas talked about how 3-D printing is an example of the fields of science and art collide. Though I do see the obvious scene of 3-D printing, the lack of pragmatics makes me believe that 3-D printing remains within the field of art? Once we learn to use 3-D printing for real-world routine applications, I will consider it also a science. 

The examples of works we saw for this week also support this notion. A lot of digital productions seemed more to me like art pieces rather than books because they lacked productivity. For example the Glitch Console is a great advocacy art piece for labor exploitation, but it's not meant to be played or read. It's made to make a statement. This makes me wonder **can books still be books if we can't read/use them?** **What if we can't understand them?** **Can books exist without human interpretation?** 

According to one of our readings Einstein said, "science will stagnate if it is made to serve practical goals." This what a quote I kept with me throughout this week. The innovation of books is because of science – from letterpress to E-LIT to 3-D printing. I can't imagine any of these being created without science. Because of that I'm still not sure what Einstein meant. Within the field of book production, I see science as a sister field to art. They are interrelated and work together to generate new processes for book production. I see science as an art. Through the process of experimentation and trial-error, you can generate something beautiful. Science is what made Ron Arad's book possible. His book is unpractical in terms of transportability and accessibility, but perhaps that is not the book's purpose. **Should we criticize a book for practicality if practicality wasn't even its intention?**
