## Reflective Entry: E-LIT II 
#### Boutayna Chokrane 


*First Screening's* digital recovery prompted me to think about the morality of technology and ethics of writers. With the constant innovation of technology, possibilities are expanding. Without technology, *First Screening* would have died out. Now that we are able to store information on the cloud, books can exist eternally. **Should writers and bookmmakers take this into account? Do creators have an added responsibility of ensuring their work is moral enough for the future? Do writers have to take into the account what their future audience might look like when creating narratives?**

The *First Screening* reading also reminded me of one of my classmates presentations. I think it was Larissa who talked about the time capsule of books that were made to be opened in the future. She asked whether those could be considered books *now* considering the fact that they don't have a present audience. **If *First Screening* couldn't be digitally restored, but people were able to verbally recall the poems – would it be considered a book? Once a book is destroyed, is it no longer a book?** 

In our Third Generation Electronic Literature article Flores asks, "But is electronic literature keeping up with this explosive growth of digital media users? What if it is, but in a way that is unrecognizable by the field as currently defined?"

Based on our discussions and sample works, I would argue that E-LIT is keeping up with mainstream culture and adapting well to the expansion of technology. I do think this is recognizable: 

I was able to connect a lot of the works we saw this week to book production and writing techniques we learned in the beginning of the course. For example, ethericocean reminded me of a digital piece of letterpress. The play of font, font sizes, and spaces reminded of the all the things you can do on the letterpress. Thedeletionist is erasure poetry – like the black-out newspaper poetry we saw months ago – but in digital form. It was also repurposed to be interactive. A lot of the E-LIT processes we've been learning about remind me of early on processes for the physical manufacturing of books. However the digital aspect of these processes have made them more effective, permanent, and interactive. It seems as though digitial technology is reinventing the historical processes.

My favorite works we saw this week had to be on Twine. Part of me wishes we learned about this earlier on because of how fun it was. What I really enjoyed about Twine is its rhetoric. It's an extremely powerful tool to connect readers to your works. It breaks the barrier between literature and interactive media/games, which is a great way to get people invested into your creation. One of the games I played on Twine continuously gave me one choice. It was a game where I was supposed to make my own choices, but was always limited to one. The game was about mental illness and it was supposed to portray how we don't choose how feel. This illusion of control depicted an accurate representation of mental illness and was a great advocacy tool. 

To me this week was about bridging the gap between technology and books. And I think I came to the conclusion that there shouldn't be a gap. Technology has proved me to a great support tool for books. With technology, we are able to connect to more people and establish books' permanency. 
