## Reading Prep: E-LIT I 
#### Boutayna Chokrane 

### Questions & Observations:

1. *"Magazines are now useless and impossible to understand, for digital natives."* I'm interested to hear what my classmates think about this idea. **Who is considered a digital native?** I would consider us digital natives; I've been interacting with a computer for as long as I can remember. But we understand and appreciate the non-technological manifestations of media. We talked about "A Magazine is an iPad That Does Not Work" in my Youth, Communication, Technology Course. I think the virality of the video partially stems from society's fear that technology is taking over the world. The quote above probably frightens people – and that's what it's intended to do. It makes sense that the young girl did not understand how to flip through a magazine if she's never used one; if she's uses an iPad frequently then she probably cognitively mistaked the magazine for the iPad because they might look similar to her and the iPad was the only representation she could retrieve. Adults do that too. **How do you expect anyone, let alone a baby, to understand how to work something they've never used before?** 

2. Electronic devices are more distracting in classroom settings than notebooks. With laptops, you are more likely to lose some interest and "multi-task" by doing other things.  **Does this translate to screen-based reading outside of classroom contexts?** If screen-based reading is physically and mentally taxing, readers are likely to deviate. Consquently you store less information in your memory and you don't generate meaningful connections to the story. **Does a divided attention affect your experience with the e-book? Does it determine whether you will continue to read them?** 

3. With the rise of technology in mind: **has reading aloud emerged as the "the secret gift of time to think"?** I would agree that the flood of information on the Internet has been overwhelming to process. When I read aloud, it allows me time to deeply process every word I utter. In a sea of digital technology, it's almost as though reading aloud makes exterior space for thinking. **Can reading aloud be considered in future design processes of books? How?**
