## Reading Prep: Book Alterities 
#### Boutayna Chokrane 

### Questions & Observations

1. "The New Art of Making Books" was a compelling read because it made me question the timelessness of novels. Carrion says there will always be "people who like reading novels. There will also always be people who like playing chess..." **Will there come a time where reading novels is "hip and vintage?"** Right now, we're still at the era where percieve digital books as novelties. It's hard to imagine a world where novels are "old." – **how else would you traditionally tell a story?** This reading also makes me question tradition's timelessness – and whether tradition can even exist in the literary and book production world. Books are constantly evolving – and so is tradition?
2. Altered book pages remind me of blackout poetry – and graffiti! I'm curious to learn more about altered books' rhetorical purposes. What are they used for and how can they be persuasive? I thought about circumstances where I would alter a book and my initial thought was for an ironic purpose. Maybe I would take a banned book or deface Hitler's Mein Kampf. But where we do cross the line? Are there moral implications creators must consider when altering books? Does that not take away autonomy from the writer? – But at the same shouldn't we respect others' work as if it was our own?
3. *"Every book of the new art is searching after that book of absolute whiteness."* ("The New Art of Making Books")

	In the past I've taken courses where we've discussed different approaches to rhetorical purposes. In contemporary rhetoric, rhetoricans argue that you want to construct your argument or artifact in a way that appeals to as many (reasonable) people as you can. There's this concept they refer to as universal audience, which makes me think whether its a rhetorical concept for absolute whiteness. We see a similar idea in narrative storytelling and poetry – ambiguity opens up doors for more people to engage with your work.
Experimenting with structure, sequence, and other features writers didn't think about in the past provides readers with the room and autonomy to insert themselves into these space. Creators are finding new ways to engage people and open up more doors for people who don't like novel reading. 
