## READING PREP: PRINT II

#### Boutayna Chokrane

### Questions & Observations
 
1. My favorite reading for this week would have to be the interview with Paul Medina. I particularly enjoyed reading about the origins and reasoning behind his fonts. It’s inspiring to hear that he wants to incorporate latino culture and his neighborhood roots into his fonts. Looking at the fonts, I could see and feel the community coming alive through the letters and that’s powerful. This made me think about the South End and how it’s beautifully decorated in murals and artwork representing the historic latino community that lived there. I love the idea that even fonts can send these kinds of social impactful messages. 

2. I chose to research about the Sporting Grotesque Font because I was immediately captivated by the letters. I liked how the letters were harmonic yet individualistic; each letter had its own personality, but never strayed too far from the pact. The font kind of reminded me of my own handwriting because it’s never consistent; I use a mixture of capital and lowercase letters arbitrary and my a’s are never the same. The author described the font to be, “bulbous, serpentine, and old-fashioned” and highlighted its eccentries and quirks. I wonder if I was drawn to this font because I could compare it to my own handwriting and even my personality. **Can the fonts you choose to write with be an extension of ourselves or self-presentation?** I enjoyed how the author personified the letters – it made me realize that the letters and typography we use are kind of like the actors of our book. I will definitely be making use of this font in my final project.

3. In the interview with Paul Medina, Medina says he doesn’t think about the purpose for his fonts as much as he focuses on the creative process. In our class discussions, we’ve been mostly talking about the evolution of the book and how people have made changes for better usage. This seems like there’s a shift from functionality to the importance of creativity. Medina also said he leaves the purpose up to the font user. This reminds me of our trip to the archives when we saw a book that hasn’t been bound. At some point in time, books were sold without bounds and readers were responsible for choosing the binding. This shift in autonomy is important because it provides the reader with more space to interact with the artifact. However, I don’t think functionality and creativity are distinct categories, so this would be an interesting discussion to have. 
