## Reading Prep: BINDING 
#### Boutayna Chokrane

###Questions and Observations
1. *"The true collector loves wide margins, and the Procrustes, being all margin, merely touches the vanishing point of the perspective." (792)* I was immediately drawn to this quote and I partially think it's because I didn't understand it as much as I would've liked. I liked this quote because it connected the physical features of the Procrustes to its transcendence over time. I would love to dissect this quote more in class. 
2. Lindsay Schmittle's interview reminded me of one of the definitions in 'The Book' where the writer compares the book to nature. By simulatenously hiking and writing, Schmittle is manifestating her experiences into her work. It's more powerful than if she were to go on a hike and come back home to write about it. Experience versus Reflection. I wonder if there are consequences to this style of writing. **Do you miss out on the reflection process because you are in the midst of the experience or does it make it more authentic?** My inital reponse is that Schmittle is almost like the channel between nature and the book,which makes the product even more raw and real. 
3.  The Smell of Books. Before I even read this section, I could understand and relate to what the author was about to tell us. I love the smell of the books, but it's interesting to see that so do a lot of other bookworms. Is our universal love for the smell of books, in a way, a form of collective reading? Something that we can all connect to. Knowing about the smell of books, I think I will incorporate it into my final project. Incorporating nostalgic smells into to my zine could trigger people's olfactory memory and help them connect more. Bibliosmia, I'm so glad I have a word for it now. I wonder if you could make people connect to books with tactile sensory input. For example, I love the feeling of particular pages against my fingers – or sometimes I can even feel the outlines of the font. To me that feeling is very similar to the feeling I get when I smell an old printed book.  