## Reading Prep: Zines 
#### Boutayna Chokrane 

### Questions and Observations 

1. Erasure poetry reminds me of the evolution of the book and how they've built off each other. I love the idea of taking a text that is considered to be unpoetic and creating poetry. The open-endness of erasure poetry reminds me of the open-endness of a book. Manipulating current artifacts to create something new and meaningful is what I think originality is nowadays. **What other ways could we make poetry?** I wonder if mad libs could be manipulated to create poetry. 
2. We talk a lot about what's wrong with technology. From our class discussions, I'm starting to formulate the opinion that we might not know how to use technology the *right* way. I really enjoyed looking through Threshold because it utilized technology to bring people closer together. This was something I talked about in my last reflection. **Can technology bring people together?** **Is collective reading possible in a digitized world?** 
3. I didn't know about the zine movement until this week's reading. Kennedy's book was an interesting read because I realized I had a similar project idea this summer that could be considered a zine. I wanted to self-publish a magazine where Northeastern students could freely share their work. I've been wanting to do this because it's so hard to get your work published if you're not an established writer and I wanted to give myself and other students that opportunity. I might consider doing this for my final project...The zine readings also made me think about other forms of self-published pieces. **Can Wikipedia be considered a zine? What about discussion forums?** 